Nathanfishcircleci patch 2 eol launch agent (#8711)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-installation-linux.adoc

:machine:
:linux:

> This page describes how to install CircleCI's machine runner on Linux for Server customers. Please note that this method is deprecated for cloud customers and see https://circleci.com/docs/install-machine-runner-3-on-linux/ for recommended Runner installation on Linux for cloud. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: This installation method is deprecated for **CIrcleCI cloud** customers. Refer to the xref:install-machine-runner-3-on-linux#[machine runner 3.0 installation guide] for the recommended steps to set up Linux self-hosted runners on CircleCI cloud.
 
This page describes how to install CircleCI's machine runner on Linux for **CircleCI server** customers. 
```
